[fix] when adding new user external account, permission sync was not scheduled (#54144)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- The braindot menu on the blob view no longer fetches data eagerly to prevent performance issues for larger monorepo users. [#53039](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/53039)
- Fixed an issue where commenting out redacted site-config secrets would re-add the secrets. [#53152](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/53152)
- Fixed an issue where SCIP packages would sometimes not be written to the database, breaking cross-repository jump to definition. [#53763](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/53763)

> - When adding a new user external account, permission sync for the user was not scheduled. [#54144](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/54144)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue when adding a new user external account was not scheduling a new permission sync for the user. [#54144](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/54144)
```
